TCD-1184: Incorrect info for Real Android Mobile devices and Sauce Connect (#1958)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/secure-connections/sauce-connect/setup-configuration/specialized-environments.md

./sc -u $SAUCE_USERNAME -k $SAUCE_ACCESS_KEY -r us-west --tunnel-name rdc-on-sauce-tunnel-us
```

> :::note Note for Android Devices

Reviewer: If this should be a warning, I suggest updating the text.
```suggestion
:::warning Network Security Configuration for Android
```

> :::warning Note for Android Devices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note Note for Android Devices
```

> :::warning Note for Android Devices

Reviewer: Should this be a warning or a note? 
```suggestion
:::note Note for Android Devices
```

> If you set up the tunnel for Android Devices, you have to start Sauce Connect Proxy with the extra flag `-B all`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you set up the tunnel for Android Devices, you must start Sauce Connect Proxy with the `-B all` flag:
```

> If you would set up the tunnel for Android Devices you have to start Sauce Connect Proxy with the extra flag `-B all`:

Author: ```suggestion
If you set up the tunnel for Android Devices, you have to start Sauce Connect Proxy with the extra flag `-B all`:
```

```bash
./sc -u $SAUCE_USERNAME -k $SAUCE_ACCESS_KEY -r $SAUCE_DATA_CENTER --tunnel-name $TUNNEL_NAME -B all
```

> You need the extra flag because, by default, traffic on Sauce Connect is re-encrypted using Sauce Labs' self-signed certificates. While this can be trusted on Sauce Labs Virtual Cloud and Sauce Labs iOS devices, due to security specifications by Google, the same can't be done on Android.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You need to include the -B all flag because, by default, traffic on Sauce Connect is re-encrypted using Sauce Labs' self-signed certificates. While this can be trusted on Sauce Labs Virtual Cloud and Sauce Labs iOS devices, due to security specifications by Google, the same can't be done on Android.
```

> If you add `-B`, Sauce Labs uses your server certificates, and if the certificate is self-signed, you face the same issue again. For native applications, the workaround is injecting your self-signed certificate into the app. You can learn more on [Network Security Configuration in the Android Developers documentation](https://developer.android.com/training/articles/security-config).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you add `-B`, Sauce Labs uses your server certificates, and if the certificate is self-signed, you face the same issue again. For native applications, the workaround is injecting your self-signed certificate into the app. You can learn more on [Network Security Configuration in the Android Developers documentation](https://developer.android.com/training/articles/security-config).
```

> If you add `-B`, Sauce Labs will use your server certificates, and if the certificate is self-signed, you will face the same issue again. For native applications, the workaround is injecting your self-signed certificate into the app. You can learn more on [Network Security Configuration in the Android Developers documentation](https://developer.android.com/training/articles/security-config).

Author: ```suggestion
If you add `-B`, Sauce Labs uses your server certificates, and if the certificate is self-signed, you face the same issue again. For native applications, the workaround is injecting your self-signed certificate into the app. You can learn more on [Network Security Configuration in the Android Developers documentation](https://developer.android.com/training/articles/security-config).
```
